So the data analysis process for the most
part involves five different steps,
and these steps are basically stating and
refining your question, and
exploring the data, and more importantly,
determining if the data that you
have is appropriate for answering the
question that you asked in the first part.
The third step is building statistical
models to summarize your data and
to quantify the relationships.
The fourth step is
interpreting the results, and
the fifth step is communicating those
results to the appropriate audience.
And each one of these five
steps you can imagine there's
a little cycle that you can engage in
which involves setting expectations,
collecting information, and matching those
expectations to the data that you collect.
And then revising your expectations
based on what you've seen.
So what we're gonna talk about in future
lectures is how this little cycle,
this three step cycle, applies to each
one of the five stages of data analysis.